HCP Terraform Docs (#2874)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/stacks/configurations.mdx

This GET endpoint can optionally return related resources, if requested with [the `include` query parameter](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#inclusion-of-related-resources). The following resource types are available:

| Resource Name                 | Description                                                   |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ingress_attributes`          | The vcs information associated with the Stack configurations. |

> | `stack_configuration_summary` | A summary of the current statuses for the configurations deployment groups and deployment runs. |

Reviewer: I _believe_ we need an apostrophe here:

```suggestion
| `stack_configuration_summary` | A summary of the current statuses for the configuration's deployment groups and deployment runs. |
```

This GET endpoint can optionally return related resources, if requested with [the `include` query parameter](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#inclusion-of-related-resources). The following resource types are available:

| Resource Name                 | Description                                                    |
| ----------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `ingress_attributes`          | The vcs information associated with the Stack configuration.   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ingress_attributes`          | The VCS information associated with the Stack configuration.   |
```
existing error, but might as well fix

| `stack_diagnostics`           | The Stack diagnostics associated with the Stack configuration. |

> | `stack_configuration_summary` | A summary of the current statuses for the configurations deployment groups and deployment runs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `stack_configuration_summary` | A summary of the current statuses for the configuration's deployment groups and deployment runs. |
```

This endpoint lists deployment group summaries for the specified Stack configuration.

> Each deployment group summary is associated with a single deployment group, and includes counts of how many of its deployment runs are in each available status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each deployment group summary is associated with a single deployment group. The summary includes counts of how many of its deployment runs are in each available status.
```

> There is no endpoint for showing a single deployment group summary by its ID, but you can use the deployment group endpoint's `stack_deployment_group_summary` include parameter to sideload the group's associated summary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no endpoint for showing a single deployment group summary by its ID. Instead, sideload the group's associated summary by including the  `stack_deployment_group_summary` query parameter when calling the `/stack-deployment-group-summaries` endpoint.
```
Right? A lot of modifiers before "parameter" making it difficult to parse.

Reviewer: Yup! I need to slightly update what you wrote - you can sideload the summary when calling the stack-deployment-group index or show endpoints.

> -> **Note:** The `status-counts` attribute is a deprecated alias for the `stack-deployment-run-status-summary` attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

<Note>

The `status-counts` attribute is a deprecated. Use the `stack-deployment-run-status-summary` attribute instead.

</Note>
```
